Pokémon is an undeniable obsession with children across the country

So what exactly is a Pokémon? (Pika!)
Cute cuddly characters
Who become super-charged
So they can fight their enemies

It's a Japanese term short for "pocket monster"
Pokemon are incredible creatures
That share the world with humans

It began as a video game from Japan
And has become an international phenomenon
In the form of books, music videos, a tv-show
And trading cards in the hands of school kids all over the world

Well Pokemon has swept the world
Little, reclusive, power-filled monsters
Characters named 'Pikachu', 'Mankey' and 'Snorlax'
School officials are finding that Pokemon cards are responsible for fist-fights
And the Pokemon is creating a monster of a commotion for American kids
They get into fights, but no one dies

Parents should not let their kids
Watch Pokemon
Play Pokemon
Buy Pokemon cards
Have anything to do with Pokemon
Because the message is violence

The genius of Pokémon is you have to keep collecting characters
The game is constantly innovating
And so the epidemic goes from being a craze
To an entire world-order!

Constant trading is not only distracting kids from classwork
But turning the playground into a black market
Where they buy and sell rare cards

The children are developing relationships
With all these Pokemon creatures
Now kids are going jus' wild over this Pokemon
These stuffed animals, collectibles, Pokemon trading cards
Wh-wh-why should they carry these monsters in their pockets?
The entire Pokemon phenomenon is the enemy.
Pokemon-World is a world of the demonic! Of the Satanic!

Coming soon to a theatre near you
Pokemon the Movie joins Pokemon the video game
And Pokemon the trading card as must-sees and must-haves
To start us off tonight, NBC Correspondent Herman Cain

I believe these words came from The Pokemon Movie

Life can be a challenge.
It's never easy when there's so much on the line.
But you and I can make a difference.
Just look inside, and you will find
The Pokemon

Pokemon, Pokemon, Pokemon...
Pokemon, Pokemon, Pokemon...
Pokemon, Pokemon, Pokemon...
Pokemon, Pokemon, Pokemon...
Pokemon, Pokemon, Pokemon...
Pokemon, Pokemon, Pokemon...
Pokemon, Pokemon, Pokemon...
Pokemon, Pokemon, Pokemon...
Pokemon, Pokemon, Pokemon...
(Just look inside)
Pokemon, Pokemon, Pokemon...
(And you will find)
Pokemon, Pokemon, Pokemon...
(The Pokemon)
The Pokemon...
The Pokemon...